 Margie moved into her new apartment at the end of the summer.
 The principal introduced the new president of the junior class.
 None of the students wanted to have an exam after Spring Break.
 Mark told Janet that he would meet her after baseball practice.
 Bill complained that the magazine included more adds than articles.
 The angry man called the senator to complain about the new tax law.
 The policeman demanded to see Jim's license and registration.
 A strict vegetarian, Jennifer does not eat chicken or beef.
 Nancy's kitchen was infested with carpenter ants and roaches.
 The hurricane destroyed houses in the village and left many homeless.
 Amy told the teacher that her dog ate her homework assignment.
 Ed was forbidden to attend college parties while he was in high school.
 Sheri and her friends went to Hawaii for their summer vacation.
 Mark put too much soap in the washing machine, and it overflowed.
 The circus tents were crowded with animals, clowns, and children.
 The bear chased after the forest ranger who was carrying honey.
 The best place that serves coffee and muffins is Dunkin Donuts.
 Mr. Jones asked his son to water the plants and mow the lawn.
 The bride's mother cried during the wedding ceremony.
 The drunk driver lost control, crashed into a street sign and died.
 Mary was the only teenager who attended the square dance in town.
 The burglar broke the window and quietly sneaked into the house.
 Jimmy was sent to the principal's office because he punched Sally.
 Most job applications require at least one letter of recommendation.
 The daredevil was relieved when his parachute finally opened.
 It is not unusual to see an armadillo cross a road in Texas.
 Erik took his sick parakeet to the veterinarian on Tuesday.
 Al stretched before running to avoid pulling a ligament or muscle.
 The boxer flared his nostrils as he entered the boxing ring.
 Mary was thrilled to receive a trinket from her boyfriend.
 Covered with maggots, the rag was removed from the smelly dorm room.
 Propelled from a submarine, the torpedo struck the battleship.
 Alfred served baked haddock and asparagus to his girlfriend.
 The dancer resembled a gazelle as he leaped across the stage.
 The little girl had dimples in her chin and a freckle on her nose.
 The beach was covered with pebbles, sea shells, and starfish.
 The child had a nightmare about being chased by hornets and wasps.
 Biff dove into the water and retrieved a scallop from the ocean floor.
 The little girl picked all of the cashews out of the trail mix.
 The athlete broke his pelvis and could not participate in the race.
 The game show contestant won a quartz watch and a television set.
 The careless mailman delivered the parcel to the wrong house.
 After receiving money, the beggar bought cigarettes and a case of beer.
 At the science party, people were dressed as robots and computers.
 The stunning actress wore a black sequin dress to the award ceremony.
 When the man ran in the blizzard, an icicle formed on his beard.
 The clumsy assistant dropped a beaker, and it shattered on the floor.
 When Al's retina became inflamed and sore, he visited the eye doctor.
